{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14100\viewh13260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b The Back Story
\b0 \
\
For my first web project, I wanted to do something pretty simple. I did this for two main reasons. First, I wanted to focus less on the code itself and more on the process of deploying it. Second, I wanted to actually complete something so I could feel accomplished. \
\
So far, my experience with learning Javascript (and HTML/CSS) has been entirely in tutorial environments like Codecademy and Free Code Camp. Both sites have been helpful in the learning process, but it has been difficult translating those lessons into real world applications. I\'92m hoping that by taking on projects like this, I will start to connect the things I learned through Codecademy and FCC to stuff in the real world. I was inspired by Jennifer Dewalt\'92s 180 day journey to learning web development on her own. When it comes to my own projects (coding or otherwise), I struggle a ton with perfectionism. Not good enough? Delete it and start another time. By setting smaller, more attainable goals, I\'92m hoping to conquer the perfectionism once and for all.\
\

\b Project Details
\b0 \
\
The page itself is pretty simple. As I mentioned above, I wanted the coding itself to be pretty barebones so I could focus on completing and deploying the page. I used Bootstrap, although it probably wasn\'92t necessary in this simple application. The page has a button to randomize the background color of the page and a text field that displays the hex value of the color used. \
\
The Javascript was a little trickier. After some research on Stack Overflow, I discovered a ton of ways people were randomizing hex values. I also figured that in the early stages of my learning, I wasn\'92t going to be able to come up with a solution better than those that were already there. I picked the solution that I felt I could understand the best. Here\'92s the explanation:\
\
The function makeRandomColor starts by initializing variable \'93c\'94 to hold our hex value. Then, a while loop is used to }